hey which one I'll play a little bit of
this song teachers here at afterwards
good all right so really kind of an
ambient sounding song here's what's
going on and it just kind of follows
this G flat B flat D flat
I'm just gonna keep them as I transition
feeling it changes so the D flags down
the C and then live it to me flat D flat
nothing
transition love that see in the middle
that's right back to it and then my left
hand is playing for the G flat I'm
playing a 1 5 they're besties with your
pinky and your thumb just you can see
what see it for the b-flat playing those
two knows good alright so I'm just kind
of repeating stuff so I'm hanging here
baby on the eight count I go to that one
then I want to this one there
on the account again here we go again
three
good film later on you hear about a
minute in you hear this little riff
going it's really easy left hands to
play the same chords so start from the
beef
okay so those are the main kind of
sounds a year definitely some really on
me on kind of stuff and some cool stuff
Coldplay always awesome so hope it helps
thanks for watching see